Hi, guys, welcome.
That is lecture regular quotes integrated our log in screen.
Okay, now we're going to have two fields that is for the email and for the password.
And both fields that kind of are displayed vertically, that is from top to bottom.
Now in another display widget vertically over using the widget node as column.
Okay.
Now what we can do is we can get rid of the set widget.
Now, like I said, is you're going to have to field that email and the password.
I look at the split vertically and that is from top to bottom.
I wrote that as we did vertically.
I'm going to be using a widget known as column.
Okay.
Now over here we can see column.
Now this can take in multiple projects.
It has the property.
Okay.
Now, what we can do is over here, we can give is semicolon.
Now you can see we are still having an error.
What you can do is take it over over this.
Then you can see it was also had an additional parenthesis.
Okay.
Great.
Now we're going to have the test filled.
Okay.
Now, this dispute has what is known as the commission.
This is going to be a huge declaration.
Okay.
Now you're going to give the test, which is more like the place or the intestinal.
And.
Just like we can just enter your email.
Okay.
Now use control and this to save this and go check it out.
Now you can sit at the top of.
Okay.
Now what we can do is we can bring it down to the center.
Now, to do this over the column we did.
We can see main us elements.
Main us is alignment towards center.
Okay, great.
This is going to take it to the center.
Now, what we can do is we'll do a circuit, had a border in all the sides, so we tend to impede the
creation.
We can see the border.
Okay.
This is going to be off line.
Line imputes.
But okay.
Now he's got to do this to save.
Okay.
They're going to have put in all the sites.
Okay, great.
Now, what I can do is to have a critical wall there.
Okay.
Great.
Now, when we click on this.
You can see now we have the this greenish, the gray, the greenish color.
Right now we're going to get rid of this gray border.
Not to do this is because.
But she's also a property which tend to be decoration.
This also is going to be the outline.
Outline a border.
Okay.
Now we're just going to the border side.
The border side as well.
Okay.
What we can just do is to change the color.
So if there's a color that black.
Okay.
Now, I think we may see other practices.
What you can't just do is over.
And this you can see.
We need one more.
Okay.
Over on it again.
I'll take another.
Okay, great.
Your trachoma.
Your trachoma is quite true.
It is to say.
Okay.
Now you can see he's gone.
Now, what I can do is I can just get rid of the blood of the Buddha.
I cannot do it within the.
Outlined in Pittwater.
What we can't see is border side.
Are going to be border side.
But a side note.
Okay.
So this is going to get rid of the buttocks.
Great.
Now, what's kind of weird is to how to treat a coma.
That's a very good coma.
They can see.
We can't really know.
This is a test field.
Now, what we can do is within the declaration, declaration of class, it as well has the property
known as do so field.
Okay, now we're going to see that it's true.
So by doing this is going to give the test field a critical.
Okay.
Go check it out.
Okay, great.
Now, lastly, what we can do is we can do a pardon over here.
You can see we have no space between the left and the right.
Now, what we can just do in that is we have access to the.
Hot property.
What you can't just do is alright, we can.
I like this colloquy that first there is control and that's regular of a container.
Okay, now over.
You can see say pardon it.
We can see edge is set.
Just says we can just give both sides.
That's all you can give a pardon of to try to save.
Okay.
Great.
Now, with the knowledge you gain from this, try to implement the password.
Build yourself.
Okay.
Okay, guys.
See you in the mess.
That's.